(1) School Activities

Our school has many interesting activities. Every month, we have a reading week. During the reading week, we can borrow more books from the library. We can also bring our own books to school and share them with our classmates. It helps us love reading.

There is also a sports day in our school. We can take part in different sports events, such as running, jumping and playing basketball. I like running and I always join the 100 - meter race. It's exciting to compete with my classmates.

We also have an art festival every year. Students can show their talents in painting, singing, dancing and so on. It's a great chance for us to show what we can do. I like to draw pictures and I usually enter the painting competition. It's really fun to take part in these school activities.


(2) Traveling Around the World in an RV

I'm a 15 - year - old girl. My family and I are traveling around the world in our RV. It's an amazing journey. We have been to many countries and seen a lot of beautiful scenery.

In South Africa, we went to Boulders Beach and saw African penguins. They were so cute. We also visited some famous mountains and forests. The animals and plants there were very different from those at home.

We drive the RV from one place to another. Sometimes we stay in campsites, and sometimes we park in the wild. It's so interesting to live in the RV. We can cook, sleep and play in it. Along the way, we meet many friendly people and learn about different cultures.


(3) My Pet Cat

I have a pet cat. Its name is Mimi. Mimi is very cute. It has soft fur and big blue eyes. It likes to sleep in the sun during the day and play with balls at night.

Every day after school, I play with Mimi. I give it food and water. It always meows happily when it sees me. Mimi is not only my pet but also my good friend. It makes my life more interesting.

Sometimes Mimi climbs onto the roof of my house. It looks at the birds in the sky. I'm always worried that it will fall off, but it never does. It's really a clever cat.