(1) Among the more colorful characters of Leadville's golden age were H. A. W. Tabor and his second wife, Elizabeth McCourt, better known as "Baby Doe". Their history is fast becoming one of the legends of the Old West. Horace Austin Warner Tabor was a schoolteacher in Vermont. With his first wife and two children he left Vermont by covered wagon in 1855 to homestead in Kansas. Perhaps he did not find farming to his liking, or perhaps he was lured by rumors of fortunes to be made in Colorado mines. At any rate, a few years later he moved west to the small Colorado mining camp known as California Gulch, which he later renamed Leadville when he became its leading citizen. "Great deposits of lead are sure to be found here." he said.

As it turned out, it was silver, not lead, that was to make Leadville's fortune and wealth. Tabor knew little about mining himself, so he opened a general store, which sold everything from boots to salt, flour, and tobacco. It was his custom to "grubstake" prospective miners, in other words, to supply them with food and supplies, or "grub", while they looked for ore, in return for which he would get a share in the mine if one was discovered. He did this for a number of years, but no one that he aided ever found anything of value.

Finally one day in the year 1878, so the story goes, two miners came in and asked for "grub". Tabor had decided to quit supplying it because he had lost too much money that way. These were persistent, however, and Tabor was too busy to argue with them. "Oh help yourself. One more time won't make any difference," He said and went on selling shoes and hats to other customers. The two miners took $17 worth of supplies, in return for which they gave Tabor a one - third interest in their findings. They picked a barren place on the mountainside and began to dig. After nine days they struck a rich vein of silver. Tabor bought the shares of the other two men, and so the mine belonged to him alone. This mine, known as the "Pittsburgh Mine," made $1,300,000 for Tabor in return for his $17 investment.

Later Tabor bought the Matchless Mine on another barren hillside just outside the town for $117,000. This turned out to be even more fabulous than the Pittsburgh, yielding $35,000 worth of silver per day at one time. Leadville grew. Tabor became its first mayor, and later became lieutenant governor of the state.

(2) Three travelers, Allan, Carl and Paul were sitting on the chairs in a train station. They were waiting for a train that was very late. To pass the time, they began talking to each other.

At first, they talked about the weather and their work. Then Paul said, "Tell me, what would you most like to do if your doctor tell you that you have only three months to live?"

The other two men thought about this for a while, then Carl spoke. "Well," he said, "if I have only three months to live, I'll take all my money out of the bank and go to foreign countries for holidays with my best friend, Erik. I'd like to travel to the places in the world as many as possible. And I'll stay at the best hotels and then eat the best food. I think I'll have a wonderful time."

"That's very interesting," Paul said. With these words, he turned to the other man, saying, "And what about you?"

"I'll tell you a secret," Allan said. "I always want to be a racing driver. So if I have only three months to live, the first thing I'd like to do is to sell my house. With the money I'll buy the fastest car in the world. Maybe I can enter all the big motor races."

Then he laughed, "I might even end up world champion."

"Now it's your turn," Allan went on, "If your doctor tell you the bad news, what would you most like to do?"

"Oh," said Paul with a smile. "I'll go and see another doctor."

(3) Does your pet have a slim figure? According to the Association of Pet Obesity Prevention (APOP), about half of all dogs and nearly 60% of all indoor cats are overweight. Larry Kornegay, president of the American Veterinary Medical Association, says he sees an overweight pet nearly every day and unusually the owner is overweight. So talking about the topic can be touchy. "I talk about their pet's health. Still some clients take it personally."

Here are some tips for pet weight loss:

See the vet. Have your vet put together a plan and treat any existing medical problems. Pain relief and diet changes may be required for arthritic pets which will allow for exercise to at least begin.

Skip the crash diet. A special weight - loss diet may be suggested. For example, look for the supplement which burns fat and builds muscle mass in foods. Never place any pet on a crash diet, especially cats, which can suffer a potentially fatal liver disease as a result. There's a safe weight - loss drug for dogs you can ask your vet about.

Dine alone. "Cut out treats and resist temptation by keeping pets out of the room you're dining in," says Chicago vet Sheldon Rubin. You can buy low - calorie treats for dogs and cats. Rubin also recommends mini carrots, small apple slices or blueberries for dogs. What's important is finding other ways aside from food to show your love. Play with your cat using an interactive toy and take your dog for walks. Walks are great for bonding and good for you. Studies show people are actually more willing to lose weight themselves if it also will help their pet.

Feed pets at special times. Pre - measure food carefully - don't give them a larger meal than ever - and leave it in various places so pets sniff it out and use the stairs. It's fun and it's good exercise